Random Shuffler is an actual random number shuffler, 
not a random number generator than tend to use math
shortcuts and are very prone to duplicates.

If you would like to run the program in the Samples directory click on the Install Folder and run the Setup.exe

The program is very simple, all it does is initialize up to the number you select, the default is 10,000 per run
as it is quite a bit slower than a random number generator.

There is an Excel spreadsheed in the Excel folder of the Samples\PickADoorGame.

Here is the summary of what happens in the source code for this game:

A series of simulations are created and ahead of time a car is randomly hidden in one of 3 doors;

In the first set the 'Do Not Swap' set; the contestant on the game show picks one of 3 random doors.

The video that causes me to waste an entire day to prove this is listed here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhlc7peGlGg

And there are others, just search for them; people are very gullable when someone makes a video 
that is why advertising works so well.

I wish I had never watched the video, but I read the same thing in a book and that was wrong also so I want
to prove this once and for all.

The host Monte Hall reveals one door; this appears to be the part that confuses all the people
that think this matters. It is still a 33.33% of chance of picking any door. You just happen to now 
know one of the 33.33% chances that is not correct.

The total of a sample 10,000 run:
Do Not Swap:
Correct Guess (Wins Car)  : 3,391
Wrong Guesses: (Wins Goat): 6,609

Always Swap:
Correct Guess (Wins Car)  : 3,357
Wrong Guesses: (Wins Goat): 6,643

Swapping to unknown 33.33% items, does not change the results.

I spent 20 hours on this and I have a book to finish writing and my day job i wasted today, data does not lie.

I also now have an open source project called RandomShuffler, so it was not a total waste, I will make an extra
eighteen cents per month now.
https://randomshuffler.codeplex.com (Will be live this weekend, I am going to bed as it is 2 AM now and I watched that
stupid video at 9 AM.



